Today we'll be entering rock paper
scissors battle royale. Unlike that unk
version with your hands. I made a game
where anybody in Twitch chat can join a
battlefield as either rock paper or
scissors. They can even pick where on
the board they want to spawn for maximum
strategy. And then all hell breaks
loose. Every player will rush towards
the nearest enemy and kill them until
only one faction remains. Here's the
cool part. Every viewer in the surviving
faction now moves on to the next round.
Only those survivors can pick a new
team. They battle again. The winners
move on. And we repeat this over and
over until only a single Twitch chatter
is crowned. Champion of rock, paper,
scissors battle royale. This [__] is
hype as [__] man. Here we go.
>> Hey, do are you going to kill off those
[music] of us who lose like a shitty
squid game?
>> A shitty squid game. This is a cool
modern Squid Game.
>> Here's an idea. If someone hits the
corner, they shoot a projectile
diagonally that kills everything in its
path.
>> It's This isn't DVD logo. They're ch I
like where your head's at, but they
wouldn't be hitting the corner.
>> I support the corner idea. In fact, I
think every round we should add new
abilities [music] to each team to spice
things up.
>> Maybe. Let's start. We can add features,
but let's start with the core thing.
This is complex enough. Is everybody
ready? This is round one of the battle
royale again. To join, you type the team
you want to join on and then the X
coordinate and the Y coordinate you want
to join. Go. The board is filling up
now. You can see right now Rock has 62
people. Paper 65, scissors 78. It looks
like it's actually about an even spread.
The question is, are you going to try to
land yourself somewhere deep in the
enemy territory, or are you going to try
to cluster with your teammates? This is
total [__] chaos, dude. This first
round is going to be a blood bath. We're
just going to lose two/3 of the
community.
>> Can we have a house building side mode
where we can decorate a house for our
rock/paper/scissorette?
>> No. Do you guys have any concept of what
it takes to make a video game? This took
a while. We're good. Everybody in?
Everybody in? We have over a thousand
participants, ladies and gentlemen.
Every single one of these are an actual
user on Twitch. This is probably going
to be a lot of sound effects and it's
going to be really, really laggy.
Everybody ready? Three, two, one.
>> In the name of the lesbians, scissors
shall win.
>> Go.
Okay, it's really Okay, we're getting a
lot of eliminations off the board
already. We've lost looks like about 600
people. What you do is you immediately
start. There are a lot of paper. Holy
[__] How did this many paper Why is
paper like five times as many rock? All
right. All right. That being said, I
don't think you want to be the biggest
team.
Okay. Scissors are deep in paper
territory and trying to wipe it out, but
there's only four rocks left. Wait, hold
on. The papers are trying to take out
the rocks, but the scissors have formed
a wall and are actually stopping the
papers from reaching the rocks, allowing
the rocks to stay in the game. The
scissors are actually keeping the rocks
in the game at their own expense. If the
scissors kill all the paper, the rocks
will win. The scissors, bro. Dude, rocks
got down to like five. And they
literally quit. Oh my god, that was such
a throw by the scissors. And now we just
have to watch them die. All right,
officially team rock wins.
Everybody who is a member of Team Rock
has been added to Damn Fed with 32
kills. Holy [__] man. Fedis is [music]
the Napoleon of his day.
>> Congratulations. These are the remaining
survivors. All right, now here's the
[__] up thing, right? We have about a
third of the viewers moving on to round
two. The [__] up part is now you can
choose any team. Are you going to
abandon rock and run to scissors and
paper like a coward? Or are you going to
stick with your team and show loyalty?
>> We stand with stone. Rock [music] gang,
stay rock.
>> The problem is if all of you stick on
rock, one dude can go paper and kill
you, right?
>> Rock forever.
>> Hold the line.
>> Civil War.
>> All right. to all of the remaining rock
faction. This is round two. Ready, set,
go. You can now join. All right, let's
see what they're doing. Lot of people
swapping the paper actually, but rock
coming out with a strongly. 35 rocks,
only nine scissors. But if the scissors
can stay alive, dude, no, they'll get
pounded by the rocks. We have 64 rocks,
33 paper, and 16 scissors. So, there's a
lot of loyalty for rocks, which I
appreciate. I don't think that that's a
winning strategy, but it's honorable.
Starting in 3 2 1, and the battle
begins. We have a shitload of rocks and
paper. Scissors. There's only a few of
them. But if the scissors in the corners
can stay alive
if the rocks just get wiped out. Oh my
god. Rocks are getting wiped out by
paper. And that means scissors are going
to come in for the win. Rocks are here.
These rocks need to stay alive.
Otherwise, the sciss There's a rock
here. This rock might be able to stay
alive. No, it's taking up my paper. That
means one rock. Two scissors. Wow. And
the scissors get to clean up. Damn, that
was actually so close. Okay, big day for
lesbians. Damn, bad report card one and
the Luna Eclipse girl going to have so
many. Hot damn.
>> Hey Doug, I was about to start Final
Fantasy 7, one of the greatest JRPGs of
all time, but then I saw you were
streaming and decided to drop that and
join stream so I could play.
>> Yeah, now this is important. Everybody's
really stoked about this. Look at how
exciting this is to watch Pine Cone Z
hold out.
And the scissors win.
>> This is like saving private lion for
people who don't have jobs. [laughter]
>> You got to help me tell everybody that
there's a huge Star Wars fall PC sale
happening right now. Click the link
below. Okay, back to the video.
>> I'm unreasonably invested in this. I'm
going to be honest. All right, that
report carb and the Luna eclipse girl,
the two surviving scissors cleaned up.
How many people we got left? Okay, we're
looking at what this is like maybe like
30 people. Most of you guys don't even
have kills yet, but you're still alive.
That's what matters.
>> We need cosmetics for our characters. I
want to dress up my scissors in cute
outfits. Can we [laughter] have that,
please?
>> Can we get funny pets as well? Will
there be a karma system?
>> Why would we add that? All right, we've
got our survivors here. If you moved on
to this round, go ahead and join. All
right, most people are staying loyal to
rocks. They started rock, they bailed
the scissors, and they're going back to
rock. Not a lot of people hang out in
the center. They're trying to snipe. You
can wait, right? Are you going to try to
kind of get into an open area without a
lot of threats? Are you going to try to
Oh, right there. You dropped yourself at
a rock. That was such a bad idea. All
right, I like the spread. Rock, create a
penis formation. It'll work. Go. I think
the scissors have a good play here cuz
there there's a cluster of them here.
Wait, no. No, but one of the rocks is
going to get him. [__] Okay, so we see
this. This paper takes out rock. Then
scissors should be able to get them.
Papers are taking out rocks on the side.
The rocks are trying to run and grab
scissors. Uh-oh. These rocks are all
[__] This paper right here, major lag
is going to cut them off at the pass.
Kick them out. Meanwhile, the papers are
killing here. These rocks need to stay
alive. But the papers are in the way and
should protect them. Oh no. The papers
are going to kill this rock and then go
for this rock. If they kill the rock,
they're dead. If the papers kill this
rock, they're dead. And the scissors
win.
Scissors officially win round three.
Damn. Okay, huge, huge win. Four
scissors were left, but that entire
faction moves on. Let's see how many we
got. Bad report card and the Luna
eclipse girl both still in the game.
Crazy high KD ratio. Bad report cards
goed. Okay, hold on. I think we need to
hear from bad report card. Hey chat,
what I want to hear from you, Bad Report
Card, is what team are you going?
>> Now, you could lie here. You could lie
to them and tell them you're going rock
and you're actually going to go
scissors. The question is, do you want
to try to get people to lead you into
battle?
>> Everyone go scissors. Fall out. Bad
report card is saying scissor gang and
they to be fair report card has won
twice on scissors. Is it a really bad
idea for everybody to go scissors? I
think so. But bad report card will be
leading the army unless they're lying.
You can kick it off now. The 15 people
who are left, you can now join in. Melee
joins here. Luna eclipse girl at the top
left is scissors. Two entrance so far.
Everybody else seems to be waiting.
Techni way down here on the right. Okay,
now people are trying to make sure
they're spread out. They're not too near
other people. That's smart from paper.
If you're joining paper, you want to
stick away from the scissors. Two rocks
plant on the top right. Not everybody is
following into battle. Wait, who is
that? Okay, wait. You can't see their
name. The bad report card is here in in
the top left corner. So, Scissors is
forming a sort of army at the top left.
Oh, but a rock somewhere else has
positioned themselves. It's going to
take out both of the high killers. Dude,
Luna Clips and Batter report card are
going to get screwed by somewhere else.
That's very smart by them. This is my
911. Oh my god, the rocks. The rocks
look brutal. The scissors are screwed,
dude. There's three scissors and they're
right next to rocks. This so [laughter]
they're so [__] Okay. 3 2 1.
Wait. Wait. Hold on. Bad report guard is
too fast for somewhere else. They might
get away. Oh my god. It's by a pixel.
Bad report guards surviving by a pixel.
Holy. No. They were taken out. They were
taken out. Somewhere else just barely
managed to kill it and then killed their
own faction as a result. Damn. You
almost made it out of there, dude. You
would have made it down here and you
would have taken out shiny Bulbasaur.
Bad report card. Literally could have
won it. Paper. Go win it for me. paper
moves on.
Actual lesbian [laughter] 911. Damn,
dude. I'm so [__] invested. Holy
[__] The new leader, shiny Bulbasaur.
Now there's only five people left, which
means the teams cannot be even. Not even
remotely. This potentially could be the
final round. If a solo person gets all
of them to the remaining five people,
I'm giving you 30-ish seconds to get
your character in. Okay, starting now.
Hide the screen until the game starts.
No, I like this strategy. You can try to
go as late as possible. Techni drops in
right off the board. 15 seconds left.
Okay, two for scissors on the board.
Shiny Bubbasaur drops the bottom right
as rock. Trying to stay as far away.
You've got 10 seconds. 10. Nine. There's
two more. Eight. Seven. Okay, we get one
paper. Six. Five. But the paper's just
going to die to the scissors. Four. 3.
Two. Both rocks dropped at the bottom
right. Why would you do that? That
doesn't help. [__] Starting in three,
two, one.
Scissors win this, right? It depends on
the speed. Wait, it depends on the
speed. The rocks are moving too fast.
The speed is random. If the rocks had
been slow, Lando guy would have been
taken by Golden Wreck. And Lando Guy
kills both.
Scissors once again takes it.
>> Doug, why are we scissoring? [sighs]
>> Cuz this is what this country was built
on, dude. All right, I'm I'll hide the
screen for the 1 v one. Two left.
Techney and Golden Rake. Each of them
have gotten one kill and they will end
it with one more. Here's what we're
going to do. Techney, Golden Rake, we
can see your messages. What team are you
going to go? You could try to psych out
the other person.
>> Shant say
>> I ain't saying anything.
>> This is Now that I think about it, you
guys are just actually playing rock
paper scissors. May the luckiest win.
>> I'm hiding the screen. Techni Golden
start in three, two, one. Shoot. Hit it.
God damn it. They both went rock. What
even happens? Great job, Rock. All
right. All right. All right. Let's run
it again. Let's run it again. Hold on.
They're not both going to go rock again.
3 2 1.
Ladies and gentlemen, we officially have
a winner. In the middle with scissors,
Techne, but at the bottom right, Golden
Rake drops the winning hand, Rock.
Ladies and gentlemen, the winner of the
first round of the rock, paper, scissors
battle royale is Golden Rake. Rocks win.
Yeah, Techni swapped it up. Techni
thought that Golden Rank would switch
and would go to paper. And so Techni
thought they could double mind [__] with
the scissors play, but Golden Rank
double triple [__] by staying rock,
dude. Damn. Okay, Golden Ray,
congratulations on the win.
>> When do we [music] get to try the DLC?
Perhaps a new map or two.
>> You don't need DLC. I worked hard to
make you guys a cool video game.
>> Can you turn up the graphics in level
four? You know what I love the idea of
is that you guys could go play Fortnite
literally for free. You can go play AAA
video games. You can play Dota 2. You
can play League of Legends. You can play
Valerant. You can play all these like
incredible games. And instead you were
choosing to sit here [laughter] and on
my stream and play 2D rock paper
scissors battle royale.
>> Can we deploy a tactical nuke after 10
kills? Can we build up barriers to avoid
enemy? You guys are overthinking rock
paper stationary turrets that kills
everything that runs into it.
>> Oh, we can't. This game sucks.
>> I worked hard to clock simulation.
>> Cook you children your rock paper
scissors for 4th of July and it's really
cool and there's some problems cuz I
vibe coded like three quarters of it.
Battle pass when shiny varants. It could
we could add shiny. We could do that
actually where you have a one in 100
chance of being a shiny member of your
team. It doesn't do anything but like we
can look at the username and just be
really excited about that person. We
could have like bricks that block
movement. Players can be a mine and the
mine just kills the first person. So
like you can't win. All you're there to
do is cause chaos and take other people
down with you. Third party DVD logo that
kills everyone it touches. A lot of
people are saying gun. I You mean like a
gun class? What would the class do? Who
would it be weak to? This is not how
rock paper scissors works. Oh, faction
leaders is a good idea. If the third
party DVD logo touches the corner, it
kills every single person.
>> Then why are we doing this? Why aren't
we just watching a DVD logo? Sometimes I
think you guys don't realize what we're
doing. Why the DVD logo? Uh, okay. Write
this down. Third party DVD logo, then
faction leaders, which will combine with
shiny Pokémon and get bigger after every
kill. I think we can make these
features. The question is, can cursor
the AI oneshot all of these features?
Wait a minute, Doug. Why not just watch
a DVD logo? Now you're spitting fire
ideas.
>> Just do that. I think. Don't I have that
code?
Wait, why is the bounds all wrong here?
Go on a little adventure. Have a good
time.
So, it works fine for you guys.
>> So, now that means I can get back to
this and actually use
>> Oh god, I'm going to puke. Look out
below. Don't [__] puke on me. All
right, get out of here. I don't want to
be anywhere near you guys. Dude, if I
saw some kid who just got off a roller
coaster and he's walking towards me,
he's like,
>> "Oh god, it's too fast in
>> I would get out of there. I wouldn't
code right underneath them." All right,
let's get crazy. I want to add a DVD
logo. Wait, I need a picture of a DVD
logo.
>> What if we made a giant bell pepper that
fought the DVD logo so we had two
bottles?
>> You guys were asking for a different
thing. It's not that these are bad
ideas. It's that you're going to a movie
that's a period piece about the
Revolutionary War and you're asking why
Superman isn't in it. That's the
problem. It's not that it Superman is a
bad idea for a movie. It's that you're
in a different thing. We're not doing a
DVD kaiju battle. And I know you want
Superman really badly. It's just that's
different from what we're doing today.
>> Rock, paper, scissors. Superman. Oh, you
just can't code [music] that, can you?
You're just a coward. Okay, after I make
the other two features, I'm going to ask
it to add Superman with no additional
context. And whatever happens, I'm going
to turn off the DVD logo. This is
getting annoying. I'm going to try to
stop you guys right at the old position.
Okay, ready? Go. Okay, you're a little
bit off. That's fine. All right, let's
see if I can do it. Ladies and
gentlemen, I am happy to present DVD
logo. It's certainly going to work.
First try,
it actually works. Okay, that's sick.
This is so dumb. The DVD logo is going
to kill paper. That's the stupidest
ending. The DVD logo is stupid.
Okay, I take it back. The DVD logo makes
it kind of hype because now instead of
it automatically being over, the DVD
[laughter] logo can kill.
Okay, never mind. I'm so back. The DVD
logo is insanely hype.
>> Hey, Doug, what if the more kills the
bigger you are? So, you kill more but
are more likely to get killed.
>> Oh, that's [laughter] funny. Okay,
there's a bunch of funny ideas we can
do. Oh my god, that's getting way too
big. Okay, wait. The DVD logo is just
going to kill it if it's too big.
>> Hey Doug, I know we all love scope
creep. [music] Can we have random named
locations on the map of adjective nouns
so we can have randomized hot spots?
[laughter]
>> That's so funny. Yeah.
>> Can we have faction leaders that have
magic hat? It would add to their hitbox,
but wouldn't change its puffing.
>> It actually might be not that hard to
add a hat to the faction leaders. We're
not going to test any of this. We're
just going to send it. All right, we're
actually almost done. We've added a lot
of features into our game. The final
thing, ladies and gentlemen, is please
add Superman and lore into my video
game. Interpret this as you will. He's
adding a special character with unique
abilities. What the [__] Okay, I'm not
We're not reading this. Sure. Accept
everything. [laughter] What the [__]
These are the starting locations.
Burning [__] Okay, everybody can join.
Ready, set, go. Where are we dropping,
boys? I'm thinking shiny ass. Dude, if
we all meet at Burningcock, which is
like a sick new festival after Burning
Man. By the way, high chance that this
literally just crashes the instant
Superman spawns because the game won't
have been properly created. And we're
beginning in 3 2 1. Here we go.
Okay, lot of people limit. Oh, there's a
hat here. It's actually kind of working.
Okay, so people are getting bigger as
they get kills. It's exactly what we're
looking for. Okay, there's a hat here.
Damn, this scissors right here. Oh, but
I think you get slower as you get
bigger. I think scissors have this,
right? Wait, no, no, but the rocks might
die. Oh, DVD logo took out a scissors. I
forgot about DVD logo. [__] Okay, wait.
So, rock is going for scissors here. It
should be killed. It was killed. Hold
on. Wait. The scissors are needing to
kill this paper before the DVD logo
comes in and kills them. But scissors
are going to take it. Scissors takes it.
Congratulations. Damn. DVD logo almost
threw that big win for Scissors.
Everybody who was on team Scissors moves
on. What the? [laughter]
Make Superman spawn earlier, please.
>> I paid for the Superman DLC and nothing
happened. Where is my refund?
>> I saw it for a second. Okay, I told him
we made the update so that Superman will
spawn earlier. I still don't know
exactly what that means, but it it will
happen. Okay, we got new drops like
heroic [__] and blunt [__] Go ahead
and enter.
>> Hey, Doug, can you add spectator mode
once someone dies?
>> [laughter]
>> this whole game. You guys are spectating
this entire thing. You're watching on
Twitch. Okay, there are like no papers,
by the way. There's 75 scissors and 15
papers. Literally five times as many
scissors. All right, whatever. Superman
might help the papers when he comes in
or whatever. All right, I don't think
I'm exaggerating when I say that this is
more exciting than the NBA finals and
the Olympics and Chipotle combined.
Starting in 3 2 1. Ooh. Okay, big battle
out the gate.
Okay, scissors are paper is dropping
precipitously low already at Paper's
right here. Paper if they can escape
right there. Oh my god, no. Paper loses.
There's too few paper, dude. That's the
thing. If you all crowd up on scissors,
then the Wait, Superman is in the
He's killing people.
Okay, what the Oh, there logo. Okay, big
play for Rock. We're down to just 46
contestants. Now we need to know does
DVD kill Superman or does Superman kill
the DVD? [laughter]
>> I don't know. All right, if you are
still in the battle royale next round.
Here we go. A lot of people dropping
near Evil Beach and Holy Island right
now. We've have way more paper than
anybody else. There's barely any rocks,
dude. The teams aren't balanced at all.
Why is there a scissor wall? Yeah. What?
Dude, what's going on here? Ready, set,
go. New battle begins now. I'm going to
take this off. Let's look at just how
the battle is progressing. We've still
got rocks on the board.
Okay, Superman is in the game. He's
killing the papers and there's the DVD
logo. Wait, wait. Who? So, hold on. Who?
What? So, it's rocks and scissors. The
but Superman is killing all the rocks.
Wait, Superman is back. Okay, there's
two scissors in Okay, killed. Okay,
there's Superman's rocks. What does he
do? Scissors wins. So, he just kills
everybody. We got to add Batman in here.
All right. Please add Batman to the
game. If he collides with Superman, it
should do something cool.
>> If Batman beats Superman, who beats
Batman? We need to resolve this.
>> You're just looking for another rock
paper scissors game. All right, cool.
Don't know what Batman does, but we are
on to the next round. If you are left in
the battle royale, enter now. Okay,
multiple papers converging around Damn
Lake. Lord, King of Waffles near the
[__] desert. [sighs]
Three, two, one. Okay, they start
moving. Derples right here is going to
snipe the Is there going to snipe the
scissors? Snipes the scissors. He's now
trying to Oh, Superman is in the game.
All right, we have a scissors being
chased by Rocks. Rock DVD logo also in
place. Superman takes out both. So now
Paper and Rock are left. Paper's going
to clean up, but Superman might kill the
Rock before that happens. Superman
moves. Superman moved and is now going
for the paper, I guess. Can Superman
kill the paper before he kills Raichu? A
team rock wins. God, I'm so wrecked. So,
does Batman show up or like what? Oh,
there's Batman.
Okay, there are four competitors left.
I'm going to give you 20 seconds to pick
your spawn locations. Go. Wait, you
should pick the corners for max drama.
Oh my god, you spawn right next to Okay,
I guess that is the right strategy.
Ladies and gentlemen, most likely the
last round of the battle royale. If
scissors wins, we'll have another one.
Otherwise, this is it. Oh my god. The
paper might be able to outrun the
scissors and then we get Does Arlo get
it? Oh my god. It's a pixel away. Holy
[__] Oh, row is out. Wait, but
Superman's now going for the Hold on.
DVD logo comes in, but Batman takes out
a scissors. There's one of each left.
Batman might take out scissors. So, that
means it's only rock and paper left. But
Superman can get the rock first. Which
gets it?
Rock wins. That's how you pay rock,
paper, scissors, dude. That's what it's
all about. Holy [music] fat, dude.
Well played. I do want to be clear that
if Batman hadn't killed the scissors and
the paper, you would be dead. I think.
No, the DVD logo. I think the DVD logo.
Anyway, congratulations.
>> Hi, Doug. First time catching a stream.
What the actual [__] [laughter] Thanks.
>> We're playing rock paper scissors. It's
not that complex. I want to do one more
cuz I want to see Batman and Superman
collide.
>> Can we add Thanos as well? We need some
Marvel representation as well as villain
representation. So
>> we already we have a lot of fe Yeah.
Okay. Please add Thanos. Look, once
Thanos is in the game final round. Okay.
>> Can you change the background? It's too
bright. Make it a lowresolution Fortnite
[laughter]
map.
>> Okay. Okay. Beginning the final battle
royale in 3 2 1 go. Looks like a lot of
people clustering near the desert. We've
got folks near dry [__] Can I say
something? Paper is eating up dry [__]
right now. There's no way scissors are
going to take that. Final round of
battle royale begins in three, two, one,
go. Okay, Thanos just Wait, did Thanos
snap everybody? Uh, Superman is also on
the board. Is that okay, Batman is here?
Superman is here. Thanos has snapped
three. It says three above Thanos. He's
snapped that many people, I guess. Okay,
Thanos is over. What the [__] Wait,
hold on. Superman and Batman might
touch.
Epic battle. Batman versus Super.
I don't feel like Okay, the DVD logo is
just going to kill the D. All right,
guys. I'm going to be honest. I think
we've added too many features. No, it's
perfect. I feel like the game has
nothing to do with whatever. This does
literally feel like playing Fortnite
where there's just random media
characters popping up everywhere. Add
Meiku. We don't need all of the Fortnite
characters now. Please add
Miku.
>> At least let Meiku have a song asset.
[music] Even Miku singing the national
anthem.
>> I feel like this is going to break
things. Messing with audio is not a good
idea. I don't know what the [__] This
is so This is what I mean. This is too
much [__] I'm pretty sure this is going
to break the game. Jesus Christ, dude.
When we started to this today, there was
what 800 lines of code. There's 2,400
now. It's tripled the size of the game.
None of which I know what it is. It's
all about superheroes now. Whatever. Oh,
I I forgot to even enter. I'm going to
enter this round. I can force myself to
be eligible. Doug Dug Zero. Is everybody
ready? We are playing I was about to say
Fortnite. We're playing rock paper
scissors. To everybody who's left, you
can now join in 3 2 1 go. Ladies and
gentlemen, we begin. Oh [__] The game
is crunching. I don't see them getting
bigger. So, we might have lost that
feature. Let me turn the usernames off.
All right. Looks like we've got a
pocket.
Oh, Hatsuni Miku is here. It's so loud.
Miku is [music] dancing. What is Okay.
Okay. I found it. I figure how it turned
out. Uh DVD logo is coming in. Clearing
this out. Superman also in play. You
have all three factions left right now.
Rocks are going for the scissors about
to be taken out. That means scissors are
left, but DVD logo comes in. Batman
Meiku went with scissors one. Oh, we're
having an epic battle between Superman
and Batman. Thanos got zero snaps, by
the way. Has anybody figured out what
dances means? Above Meiku's head, she's
dancing. Okay, congratulations to the
scissors. I think I looked away for an
hour and I have no clue what's going on
anymore. I'm going to be honest with
you. I don't know. Okay, [clears throat]
there are six contestants left. I'm
going to hide it for 10 seconds. Don't
be a coward. Send it. Anybody want to
meet me at 2020? Last person. You got to
pick. There's one more. We only have
five people on the board, but don't
don't be pick a random spot. God damn
it. Okay, Fritzwolf tried to snipe me up
here, but if I can get to wet school
faster than Fritz Wolf, then I can make
it over to There's only one scissors. We
just need to snipe them, ladies and
gentlemen. Second to last round of the
battle royale. Three, two, one. Okay, we
have a battle converging here. The
scissor is moving.
Wait, this is exactly what happened.
Okay.
Ow, it's still too loud. Wait, who?
What?
[music] Rock wins. How many of us were
there? Three. Do we have zero kills,
dude? Kovalac and Esaco. Let me VIP you
guys.
>> Yo.
>> Hello, Dub.
>> Okay. All right. You guys are here. I
think we agree. We each pick a team in
advance. We each get one. So, the
question is about placement. And you
don't know where anybody wants to go.
You just have to outplace them. That
way, we have a guaranteed winner. Yeah.
Respectfully, I want rock.
>> Okay. I'll be scissors.
>> Paper.
>> All right. Okay, we know our class. I
think we should agree. We go at
different areas, right? Like we set up
at different places on the board and we
just we just meet in the middle. Okay.
Oh [__] Okay, you're already in. E went
down here. Okay, I'm dropping loud
mount. Scissors 84. Okay. All right.
Hey, well played. Honestly, very
honorable honorable play from Isa and
Cave. Final battle royale of the day.
Everybody ready? Three, two, one. Come
on. No. Batman's already No. Get away
from me. Get away from me. What the [__]
just happened, team?
>> [music]
>> It's too loud. GG.
He's like, "Well played. Well played."
He's like, "So,
um, you know, I just realized something.
That was exactly like every game of
Fortnite I actually played where there's
all this buildup and then a bunch of
random movie characters show up and just
ruin it and then it's just suddenly
over. [laughter] This is exactly how
Fortnite was meant to be played.
[music] Fore! Foreign! Foreign!
Daddy.